Sia v2  cleanup (#259)
Caltech-IPAC/irsa-tutorials: tutorials/irsa-sia-examples/sia_allwise_atlas.md

```{code-cell} ipython3
#first we need to know the name of the dataset on the IRSA system
names = Irsa.list_collections(filter="allwise")
names

# We see from the resulting table that the dataset collection we are interested in is called "wise_allwise"
```

## 3. Search for images
Which images in the IRSA allwise dataset include our target of interest?

```{code-cell} ipython3
#get a table of all images within 1 arcsecond of our target position
dataset_name = names['collection'][0]  #name of our favorite dataset = "wise_allwise"
im_table = Irsa.query_sia(pos=(pos, 1 * u.arcsec), collection=dataset_name)
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# Inspect the table that is returned
im_table
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# Look at a list of the column names included in this table
im_table.colnames
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# Let's look at the values in one of the columns
im_table['energy_bandpassname']
```

## 4.Locate and visualize an image of interest

We start by filtering the image results for the W3 band images.  
Then look at the header of one of the resulting W3 band images of our target star.

> Finally, we use the open-source astronomy data visualization software Firefly to display the fits image in a new tab.

Reviewer: I suggest hyperlinking the docs here since it may not be trivial for people to understand what is Firefly and how to initialize it from Python.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Finally, we create an interactive FITS display of the W3 image(s) by [using Firefly](https://caltech-ipac.github.io/firefly_client/index.html), an open-source interactive visualization tool for astronomical data. 
To understand how to open the Firefly viewer in a new tab from your Python notebook, refer to [this documentation](https://caltech-ipac.github.io/firefly_client/usage/initializing-vanilla.html) on how to initialize FireflyClient.```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# You can put the URL from the column "access_url" into a browser to download the file. 
# Or you can work with it in Python, as shown below.
w3_mask = im_table['energy_bandpassname'] == 'W3'
w3_table = im_table[w3_mask]
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# Lets look at the access_url of the first one:
image_url = w3_table['access_url'][0]
image_url

#Use Astropy to examine the header of the URL from the previous step.
hdulist = fits.open(image_url)
hdulist.info()
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
# Open a Firefly viewer in a tab within jupyterlab.

> fc = FireflyClient.make_lab_client()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Uncomment when opening a Firefly viewer in a tab within Jupyter Lab with jupyter_firefly_extensions installed
# fc = FireflyClient.make_lab_client()

# Uncomment when opening Firefly viewer in contexts other than the above 
fc = FireflyClient.make_client(url="https://irsa.ipac.caltech.edu/irsaviewer")
```
